Al jazer hany mmud joins us from KH unun
now and uh after the heaviest night of
bombing since this War Began can you
just bring us up to date with the
situation as it stands there now what's
the damage been uh over the last few
hours or
[Music]
so yes Tom well uh within the past 30
minutes or so three different air
strikes in different locations of the
city of Han un including residential uh
homes and residential buildings and the
third one just a few minutes ago within
the vicinity of a School honor school
with uh with so many people uh taking it
as as a shoulder we don't have an
immediate reports about what are the
situation near the school but ambulance
and paramedics and civil defense
personel just rush to the the school
given how crowded it is and there is
expectation that there's a large number
of casualties but as of last night the
horror of of the massive and and mass
bombardment of the northern part in Gaza
City and the the intentional cut of
communication Network leaving uh people
without connection with their relatives
and and loved ones in addition to
International Organization managing
volunteers and and team members on the
ground have lost communication with them
making it difficult to coordinate any of
the activities or Arrangement uh going
on the ground the attacks left hundreds
of buildings mainly residential uh
buildings and entire uh residential
blocks turned into into ruins and with
hundreds of people being killed and
injured uh only this morning uh at about
9:00 we were able to confirm a number of
of family members 42 members of One
family were killed uh as a direct result
of the attacks at shot the refugee camp
and as you can uh see right now the
ambulance the paramedics are rushing
casualties who were uh injured in the uh
in the uh past few minutes attacks near
the school and in the alqara area AL
Family residential home that was
attacked leaving two people killed and
multiple uh injuries this is the
situation so far and it's only getting
uh worse by the hours and there's an
expectation that by time night we might
see another night as as horrific as and
Asic as intense as last night honey can
you just explain what it was like to to
live through that Israel said that they
uh had Land Air and sea 100 fighter
planes were used in last night's
bombardment can you just give us an idea
of what that was like on the ground
living through that
yes Tom it it's pretty difficult and
there is a a sense of of of of of
tarnished shattered security uh among
Palestinians here there is no place safe
which is a practical uh translation of
what one uh United Nations officials uh
expressed that there is no safe place in
Gaza
uh what's really scary about this
situation that these bombs are
unpredictable you could be with a group
of people or in your home or out in the
street just minding your own business
and there is a bomb falling either
directly at at your vicinity or near you
or at home and either way you're going
to be a victim of these falling bombs so
uh we are standing here and we are not
really 100% sure that we are safe
uh or not doing this because we haven't
heard any confirmation that hospitals
are are safe uh especially after the uh
the attack on the Lei Baptist hospital
but again uh it just no place is safe in
Gaza whether it's the hospital or in our
homes or in the streets it's a reality
that we have to face honey once again we
really do appreciate uh all of your time
and effort uh that's honey mmud for us
in KH Unice